#summary Changelog of Older Versions of Jobberbase
#labels Phase-Implementation

=Changelog=

This page will contain all changes in Jobberbase ever since it was released.

== Jobberbase v1.8 ==

*Release Date:* September 16, 2009

*New Features*

 * Common Settings can be changed from Admin Backend instead of making changes to config.php file. (Chronos)
 * Job Search Improved and paginated. (Chronos)
 * Url Structure of Jobberbase is editable. (Chronos)
 * DB prefix support, Now handle multiple Jobberbase installations on same database. (Chronos)
 * City Cloud Page like the existing Companies Cloud Page. (Chronos)
 * Job-Types can be edited from Backend. (linksClm)
 * Re-Captcha Support (Chronos)
 * Header Links are Dynamic and can be edited from Admin. (Chronos)
 * Support for multiple themes, which can be picked from a dropdown menu in the administration panel. (Chronos)
 * Support for Mail sending via SMTP (putypuruty)
 * Job Posting can be disabled for the public. (Chronos)
 * List Jobs of the Same Company on the Ad (Redjumpsuit hack applied by navjotjsingh)
 * Apply Online Enable/Disable Hack - both from Frontend and Backend. (Redjumpsuit and Chronos hacks used)

*Bug Fixes*

 * Fixed validation Issues in Apply Job page.
 * Category header is taken as category name instead of url.
 * Textile List Bug fixed. (navjotjsingh)
 * Some wrong urls and typo errors fixed. (navjotjsingh)
 * Fixed few minor annoying bug fixes.

*Enhancements*

 * CSS of Frontend compressed by as much as 20%
 * TinyMCE, PhpMailer, Smarty and Jquery Updated to latest versions.
 * SEO Improvements - Job page now has proper meta tags, Sitemap page has a proper title and fixing of Duplicate Job urls.
 * Jobber word in background of search box removed
 * Added couple of required translations
 * Lots of Template Improvements and Compression (evertsemeijn)
 * Unused images removed from package.
 * config.php is replaced by config_default.php so that while upgrading settings does not get lost.
 * Anytime City changed to Other Cities with its own separate page and background fixes for city handling. (putypuruty)
 * Database port can be selected now for connection. (putypuruty)
 * Default cities reduced to 5 for easier management.
 * Days after which a job becomes old is now configurable from backend. (navjotjsingh)
 * Jobberbase is moving to tableless layout slowly! (Chronos)
 * Ideal-Jobs feature removed as nobody uses it. Should be developed as external hack/plugin instead of being a core feature. (navjotjsingh)
 * Javascript Compression Implemented and Unused javascript codes removed giving a overall performance boost. (putypuruty)
 * Widgets Page Updated - shows dynamic url and does not messes up with TinyMCE since it gets loaded from its own template. (navjotjsingh)