#summary List of Themes Available Publicly for Jobberbase.
#labels Phase-Design

== Themes ==

This Page Lists some of the popular Jobberbase Themes and the versions they support. If you have created a theme for Jobberbase, feel free to add its link here. If the theme you are adding is paid, then only add direct links and not affiliate links if it has such.

== Free Themes ==

Listed below are some of the free Jobberbase Themes:

  * [http://evertsemeijn.nl/store/jobberbase/jobberbased/ Jobberbased] - This template for Jobberbase works on version 1.7, 1.8 and 1.9 supports category drop down and is coded without Tables. 

  * [http://www.jobberbase.com/forum/topic470-hireme-theme.html HireMe Template] - This Template gives a very professional look to Jobberbase but works only on 1.6 version. You can update it manually to work in 1.7 too. 

  * [http://evertsemeijn.nl/store/jobberbase/hireme/ HireMe Template V2] - Updated version of Hireme template so it can be used on Jobberbase 1.8 

  * [http://evertsemeijn.nl/store/jobberbase/cadify/ Cadify] - The new backend/administration template of Jobberbase 1.9 is already available for Jobberbase 1.8

  * [http://www.redjumpsuit.net/2009/05/14/simple-grey-theme/ Simple Grey] - This Theme provides relief by changing the default look of your Job Board. It includes only css changes and works on 1.7 version and can work on 1.6 too since it changes only css.

== Paid Themes ==

Listed below are some of the Paid Jobberbase Themes

  * [http://evertsemeijn.nl/store/jobberbase/iphonica/ iPhonica] - Build for Jobberbase 1.8 and 1.9 this templates makes your site future-proof. Packed with 10 different colorstyles, CSS3 features like drop-shadows, rounded corners and transparency, 27 ways to style buttons and links, iPhone ready, 9 different colorstyles for the jobtype buttons (plus psd) and much more this templates gives you many ways to customize your site to your own needs. Support for Redjumpsuits addons makes this template even more perfect. Priced at only €50.

  * [http://www.jobbertemplates.com/jobbertabs/ JobberTabs] - Priced at $29.95, this template gives your Job Board a professional look and has navigation options via companies, cities and categories. 

  * [http://www.redjumpsuit.net/2009/11/10/simple-themes-pack-for-jobberbase-v1-8/ Simple Themes Pack for jobberBase 1.8] - 6 different color-scheme themes based on the original jobberBase template for US$25.00

== List Your Theme Here ==

If you want to get your theme listed here, post its link, the version of Jobberbase it supports and whether its free or paid here in the comments.